Update recurring action workflow to account for uptodate state changes (#3184)
uyuni-project/uyuni-docs: CHANGELOG.md

> - Update 'Clients Update Using Recurring Actions' workflow to account for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Update Clients Update Using Recurring Actions workflow to account for
```

> - Update 'Clients Update Using Recurring Actions' workflow to account for
>   uptodate state changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updated Clients Update Using Recurring Actions workflow to account for
  up-to-date state changes
```
